HtmlEditor: Add tag wrapping limitation (#7778)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/HtmlEditor/90 Limitations.md

    #include btn-open-github with {
        href: "https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/devextreme-html-editor-prevent-inserting-images"
    }

> - The component wraps each "Normal text" block in a `<p>` element (individual lines or multi-line blocks if [allowSoftLineBreak](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/#allowSoftLineBreak) is enabled). These `<p>` elements cannot be removed. You can replace the `<p>` tags with another element (for instance, a `<div>`). The following code snippet demonstrates how to do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The component wraps each "Normal text" block in a `<p>` tag (individual lines or multi-line blocks if [allowSoftLineBreak](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/#allowSoftLineBreak) is enabled). These tags can’t be removed, but you can replace them (for instance, with `<div>`). The example below shows how:
```
